the state of android wearables in the
past has been
well
rocky to say the least so when mobvoi
reached out to sponsor this video
featuring their new flagship watch the
ticwatch pro 4g we were very curious to
see what they felt made it worthy of the
pro
title
[Music]
when it comes to android wearables for
the most part there are three platforms
to consider watch os from apple tizen
which is primarily used in samsung
devices and finally wear os what mob voi
is using here by using wear os modboy
gets to leverage an already expansive
app store as well as wear os specific
features like the integrated google
assistant starting with the outside the
watch features an aluminum back cover a
large stainless steel bezel and gorilla
glass 3 to protect the screen from
incidental scuffs and scratches
underneath you'll find not one but two
displays one is a 400 by 400 pixel
amoled and the second is an ultra low
power lcd so this layered display
technology is what gives the ticwatch
pro up to two days of full featured
battery life or up to 30 days of juice
in what they call essential mode so even
if you
like me sometimes forget to top up
overnight you won't end up with a
useless wrist weight the next day so
great there's a nice screen quality
construction but what about the features
while typing on the face of the watch is
a bit awkward it's manageable but the
easier route is just to use google
assistant to do the heavy lifting
setting timers for washing your hands
for instance or starting a workout
hands-free are both super easy just
toggle the assistant and speak away
navigation through wear os is swipe
based you can swipe up to view your
notifications left and right to navigate
through your open apps and swipe down to
access your quick access menu you can
use the integrated google assistant to
make phone calls hands-free and if you
already have third-party apps that you
enjoy you won't have any problems
spotify worked just fine for us as well
as other apps available on wear os the
pro 4g delivers here too with google's
familiar wear os and google assistant
integration nfc payment capability sleep
tracking and 24 hour heart rate
monitoring all making an appearance
as the name implies there's 4g cellular
connectivity alongside gps glonass and
beidou positioning systems for use in
your fitness endeavors and the
combination of heart rate monitoring and
gps tracking ended up working great in
our testing we were able to accurately
track a bike ride through its ups and
downs and the 4g means that going
phoneless is actually possible with the
right software combo now spotify
couldn't do this for us on wear os but
streaming directly from google play
music on the watch to wireless earbuds
was no problem on the inside the ram has
been doubled from the last generation of
tick watch devices to a full gig and
with four gigs of storage on board
you've got plenty of room for all the
apps and watch faces that you could ever
need in use the hardware performed
admirably with navigation feeling snappy
and lag free and while i do
wish that bezel rotation was an input
option here and that's something i'd
like to see in the future i also
understand why they left it out in favor
of excellent ingress protection when you
need to recharge the included charging
puck snaps securely into place and my
only preferred update here would have
been to have some angle built into it
for improved readability on my
nightstand i'm probably not the only one
who charges well everything on their
nightstand when they go to sleep now as
far as function is concerned the sharing
of health data between the integrated
ticwatch apps and third-party ones like
strava and google fit ended up working
seamlessly by navigating through tick
health you can find all your sleep and
fitness data is tracked nicely in easy
to read graphs and the ip68 rating
combined with the mil standard 810 g
certification means the watch should
hold up under a huge range of conditions
from the pool to the desert and to the
ground for example
in summary the ticwatch pro 4g is a
serious piece of kit with all the
features you'd expect from a flagship
android wear device and at 300
the price isn't
cheap but i would say that it is sane
compared to other cellular connected
wearables which really is a premium
feature right now so it's a competent
everyday carry watch with all the
fitness integrations and connectivity we
expect and while i personally i'm not
going to be going full phone lists
anytime soon being able to leave the
phone at home once in a while
intentionally or otherwise is a nice
comfort
big thanks to mob boy for sponsoring
this video you guys can check out the
ticwatch 4g pro and save a few bucks
with our offer code mobvoy you're going
to get 25 off and we're going to have
that linked below and if you're
interested in smart watches and you're
looking for another video to watch why
not check out our video on the nubia
alpha for something that's neat
if a little bit
less sensible than this one
catch you in the next one guys